README.md, before:

# Frontend Training 2023

Welcome to the Frontend Training 2023 repository! This is where you'll find exercises and templates meant to guide you through 8 training sessions on frontend development organized by [Dwarves Foundation](https://d.foundation/).

## Get Started

1. **Fork the Repository:** If you're a part of this class, kindly [fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo#forking-a-repository) this repository.
2. **Set Your Fork to Public:** This helps us in evaluating and collaborating on your assignments.
3. **Syncing and Updates:** After every session, we will push relevant assignments here. Ensure you [sync your forked repository](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/syncing-a-fork) to pull the exercise templates.

## Assignments Schedule

| Day | Topic                                                  | Deadline   |
| --- | ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- |
| 1   | [HTML, CSS & JavaScript](./assignment-1/)              | 21/09/2023 |
| 2   | React & State management                               |            |
| 3   | Tooling: Webpack, Babel, TypeScript, ESLint & Prettier |            |
| 4   | NextJS & TailwindCSS                                   |            |
| 5   | Form handling                                          |            |
| 6   | Authentication & API Integration                       |            |
| 7   | Type-safe client server                                |            |
| 8   | Modern workflow & Deployment                           |            |

Stay tuned for updates on future assignments!

## Evaluation Criteria

We evaluate assignments based on the following criteria:

- **Timeliness**: The assignment must be submitted by the deadline (based on the time of the last commit in the assignment folder).
- **Requirements Fulfillment**: The assignment must fulfill all mandatory requirements.

Our team will thoroughly review your submissions. Once evaluated, we will open a GitHub issue on your fork to announce the result and provide feedback on your work.

## Support

Should you have any questions or run into any issues, don't hesitate to reach out on [our Discord](https://discord.com/invite/Y2vvH9rQE4). We are happy to help!

Best of luck with your training! 🌟

Commit message:

add general assignment submission guidance

README.md, after:

# Frontend Training 2023

Welcome to the Frontend Training 2023 repository! This is where you'll find exercises and templates meant to guide you through 8 training sessions on frontend development organized by [Dwarves Foundation](https://d.foundation/).

## Get Started

1. **Fork the Repository:** If you're a part of this class, kindly [fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo#forking-a-repository) this repository.
2. **Set Your Fork to Public:** This helps us in evaluating and collaborating on your assignments.
3. **Syncing and Updates:** After every session, we will push relevant assignments here. Ensure you [sync your forked repository](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/syncing-a-fork) to pull the exercise templates.

## Assignments Schedule

| Day | Topic                                                  | Deadline   |
| --- | ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- |
| 1   | [HTML, CSS & JavaScript](./assignment-1/)              | 21/09/2023 |
| 2   | React & State management                               |            |
| 3   | Tooling: Webpack, Babel, TypeScript, ESLint & Prettier |            |
| 4   | NextJS & TailwindCSS                                   |            |
| 5   | Form handling                                          |            |
| 6   | Authentication & API Integration                       |            |
| 7   | Type-safe client server                                |            |
| 8   | Modern workflow & Deployment                           |            |

Stay tuned for updates on future assignments!

## Evaluation Criteria

We evaluate assignments based on the following criteria:

- **Timeliness**: The assignment must be submitted by the deadline (based on the time of the last commit in the assignment folder).
- **Requirements Fulfillment**: The assignment must fulfill all mandatory requirements.

Our team will thoroughly review your submissions. Once evaluated, we will open a GitHub issue on your fork to announce the result and provide feedback on your work.

## Assignment Submission

To submit your assignments, please ensure you have enabled the **Issues** feature in your forked repository. If it's disabled by default, you can enable it by navigating to `Settings > General` on your fork. Scroll down to the `Features` sub-section and check the `Issues` box.

![how to enable issue feature on fork](./assets/enable-issue-feature.png).

Once enabled, follow these steps for each submission:

1. **Code Submission**: Place your submitted code in the respective `/assignment-[number]` folder on your fork.
2. **Deployment**: Deploy your project on a cloud service to generate a public preview link.
3. **Issue Creation**: Open an issue in your forked repository with the title `Submission for assignment [number]`. Ensure you include the public preview link in the issue description. Refer to [this example issue](https://github.com/zlatanpham/df-frontend-2023/issues/1) for guidance.

## Support

Should you have any questions or run into any issues, don't hesitate to reach out on [our Discord](https://discord.com/invite/Y2vvH9rQE4). We are happy to help!

Best of luck with your training! 🌟
